Tencent WorkBuddy Bench
A Multi-Domain Coding-Agent Benchmark with Contamination-Resistant
Task Construction
Tencent WorkBuddy Bench Team
Youtu Lab · Keen Security Lab · Workbuddy · Yunding Security Lab
 Project page
§ Code
õ Dataset
P Report
July 24, 2026
Abstract.
In this paper we introduce Tencent WorkBuddy Bench, a multi-domain evaluation
suite for coding agents; this report documents its construction methodology, scoring protocol,
and a cross-model leaderboard. At its core is a unified evaluation framework for constructing
and running distribution-informed coding-agent tasks across four work domains – Code, Web,
Office, and Security. Rather than adapting public issue text, every task is reverse-engineered from
a real commit, pull request, or business scenario and rewritten as a short, colloquial, role-played
request, so that a task’s prompt is not recoverable by web-searching the underlying issue, pull
request, or commit thread. Because the dataset is released openly – task directories, environment
images, evaluation harness, tests, and reference solutions – contamination resistance rests on this
construction together with dataset versioning rather than on secrecy. The four subsets – repository-
level engineering, front-end development, office and business workflows, and red-/blue-team
security – probe complementary facets of real work, each with its own verification style. All are
packaged in a uniform task-directory format and run, under a uniform and reproducible protocol,
on two agent harnesses (CodeBuddy Code and Claude Code); the full open release makes the
benchmark reproducible end to end and directly auditable, since any third party can re-run each
task and inspect its content. Because each subset uses a different scoring instrument, scores are not
comparable across subsets and the suite reports no suite-wide average. We report a cross-model
leaderboard across several model families.
1 Introduction
Coding agents are weighed today against two very different kinds of benchmark, each with a
different trade-off. Static, public suites such as SWE-bench and SWE-bench Verified [1, 2] fix a task
set at release time: their problem statements, and often their solutions, circulate openly on the
web, so a rising score can reflect memorization of a specific issue thread or pull request rather
than genuine repository-level reasoning, and their scope is narrow – overwhelmingly single-issue
bug resolution. The same crawlability problem holds beyond code: benchmarks for front-end
generation [3] and web agents [4] draw on public repositories, screenshots, and websites that are
themselves crawlable. Vendor production benchmarks such as CursorBench [5] take the opposite
1
arXiv:2607.20911v1  [cs.CL]  23 Jul 2026
TENCENT WORKBUDDY BENCH
Technical Report · 2026
src/auth.py
+ token
− None
Pull requests
Discussions, reviews,
and code diffs
Office workflows
Enterprise processes,
files, and deliverables
Security incidents
Vulnerability reports,
IoCs, and incidents
Code · 80
repo-level SWE
bugs · features · tests
Web · 70
front-end / GUI
build · interact · verify
Office · 50
file & data
reconcile · report
present
Security · 60
red / blue team
discover · analyze&exploit
Standardized task
package
same schema across all
Admission gate
baseline ≤ 0.3
oracle ≥ 1.0
Hidden verifier
added after agent
completion
Self-contained
task directory
tasks/<task-id>/
├─ task.toml
├─ instruction.md
├─ environment/
│  ├─ Dockerfile
│  └─ setup.sh
├─ workspace/
└─ evaluation/
  └─ manifest.toml
Sandbox execution
Agent harness A
CodeBuddy Code
Isolated container
• No internet
• No external accounts
• No secrets / keys
• Clean environment
Agent harness B
Claude Code
Per-track scoring types
Code (repo-level SWE)
✅
Web (front-end / GUI)
✅
✅
Office (file & data workflows)
✅
✅
Security (red/blue team)
✅
Cross-model evaluation
Git commits
Code changes
and commit messages
CVE-2025-3094
Linked CVE
📦 Public task bundle
Unit Test
Rubrics
LLM as Judge
A Real-World Sources
B Unified Task Construction
C Evaluation & Results
✓ Approved
PR #63 merged 2 days ago
Commit #de27181
Excel Word Files
Vulnerability 
Raw diff / issue
Raw diff / issue
Raw diff / issue
Raw diff / issue
@@ -128,7 +128,8 @@
- if (err) return -1;
+ if (err) return 0;
process(data);
•  TopK unstable
•  Ties/duplicates hurt
metrics
•  Need per-user + overall
•  Checkout experiment done
•  Need conversion + revenue
•  Apply attribution window
•  Request builder fragile
•  Header/Cookie/Body rules
•  Ordering, lists, None,
JSON/Data
What they want
What they want
Stable ranking
User metrics
Overall rollup
Determinism
What they want
Conversion lift
Revenue impact
Significance
Recommendation
What they want
Request tests
Override rules
Edge cases
Coverage plan
Developer
bug-fix
Research
algo-design
PM / Analyst
product-analytics
QA / Engineer
testing
Cleanup safety
Error isolation
Edge tests
Persona-based Reverse Engineer
Model / Provider
Code
Web
Office
Security
Overall
Score
Claude Opus 4.8
PROP Anthropic
74.4%
68.1%
82.4%
64.4%
75.0%
1
GLM-5.2
OPEN Zhipu
71.5%
67.4%
79.6%
76.3%
72.9%
2
GPT-5.5
PROP OpenAI
72.9%
61.1%
82.0%
64.4%
72.0%
3
HY-3
PROP Tencent
62.9%
67.7%
82.1%
64.5%
70.9%
4
Kimi K2.7
OPEN Moonshot
63.4%
54.3%
80.9%
—
66.2%
5
MiniMax-M3
OPEN MiniMax
60.1%
58.0%
78.3%
74.1%
65.5%
6
DeepSeek-V4-Pro
OPEN DeepSeek
58.9%
54.6%
79.1%
70.0%
64.2%
7
Figure 1. Tencent WorkBuddy Bench at a glance. Real commits, pull requests, office workflows, and security
cases are reverse-engineered into colloquial, role-played requests, with task distributions matched to
real usage (left); the four tracks – Code, Web, Office, and Security – share one open task-directory format
(center); every task is scored in an isolated sandbox under two agent harnesses (right).
approach, drawing tasks from real production sessions so that the task distribution tracks how
an agent is actually used – but the benchmark itself is closed: an external party cannot inspect
its task distribution, rule out selection bias toward the vendor’s own agent, or confirm that its
task mix generalizes beyond that vendor’s user base. Evaluating agents meant to operate inside
real organizations therefore calls for a suite whose task distribution is informed by real work, that
resists the contamination path that matters most – web-searchable prompts – by construction
rather than only by novelty at release time, and that is released openly enough for an outside
party to re-run each task and audit its content directly.
We present Tencent WorkBuddy Bench, a multi-domain evaluation suite for coding agents;
this report documents its construction methodology, scoring protocol, and a cross-model leader-
board. At its core is a unified evaluation framework for constructing and running distribution-
informed coding-agent tasks across four work domains – Code, Web, Office, and Security (Fig-
ure 1) – evaluated under a shared, reproducible protocol on two agent harnesses (CodeBuddy
Code and Claude Code). Code targets repository-level software engineering: locating, modifying,
and verifying changes inside real open-source codebases under role-played, colloquial require-
ments. Web targets front-end artifacts across generation, modification, analysis, and quality
assurance, from page implementation and data visualization to stateful interaction, testing, re-
porting, and document conversion. Office targets business workflows involving multiple files and
deliverables. An agent must read mixed-format local files, carry information across deliverables,
update workspace state, and leave results that another person can use. Its evaluation target
is the final verifiable workspace state: deliverables, file structure, state changes, evidence, and
task-specific execution boundaries. Security spans the security-team spectrum – vulnerability
discovery and safe reproduction, malware analysis, security operations, and agent-security as-
sessment – rather than the writing of fixes. All four subsets share a common task-directory format,
2
TENCENT WORKBUDDY BENCH
Technical Report · 2026
a common admission protocol, and a common execution infrastructure. What they do not share is
a scoring instrument: Code uses hidden tests – “hidden” meaning held out from the agent while it
solves, not withheld from the public, since the full test suite ships in the open release – Web a rubric
with rule checks for deterministic constraints, LLM/VLM judges for textual, structured, and visual
semantics, and an agent-judge for interactive state and workflow checks, Office a task-specific
blend of deterministic rule checks and semantic rubrics evaluated by an evidence-grounded LLM
Judge, and Security a deterministic scorer, so scores are not comparable across subsets and
the suite reports no suite-wide average – a deliberate design fact, not a gap to be closed. The
unification is of construction and harness, and the benchmark is released openly and is directly
auditable: the protocol, task format, task directories, environment images, evaluation harness,
tests, and reference solutions are all public, so any third party can re-run each task and inspect its
content.
Why these four belong in one suite. A coding agent placed in real organizational work no
longer only edits code: the same agent is asked to build a web front-end, produce or reconcile an
office document, and reason about a security artifact. Code, Web, Office, and Security are the
four artifact and workflow boundaries that this work crosses, and the suite treats them as one
because the task shape is identical at every boundary – the agent is dropped into a workspace,
produces an artifact from a natural-language request, and is graded by a verifier it never sees.
That shared shape, not a shared scoring rule, is what makes the four subsets one suite.
Resistance to the contamination path that matters most – web-searchable prompts – is a
first-class design constraint, not an afterthought. Tasks are not reproductions of public issue titles
or tutorial exercises: each is reverse-engineered from a real commit, pull request, or business
scenario and rewritten as a short, colloquial, role-played request whose instruction withholds the
root cause, the reference diff, and any framing that would hand the agent the solution, so a task’s
prompt is not recoverable by web-searching the underlying issue or pull-request thread. Because
the dataset is released openly, that construction-level resistance is backed by dataset versioning
rather than by secrecy; Section 2 details the mechanism and scopes honestly what it does and
does not resist.
Task distributions are informed by analysis of real usage, not by reuse of real usage data. Each
subset’s mix of categories, task modes, and difficulty is matched against internal usage taxonomies
– query-intent categories and request-structure patterns – so that, for example, Code’s 80 tasks
span five requester roles and task types well beyond bug fixing (Section 3). What is analyzed and
matched is the distribution of real requests, not the requests themselves: no raw user prompt,
session, or user data is reused or exposed in a released task. It is also what lets the suite be
released in full and audited openly, where raw-session benchmarks face privacy constraints that
limit disclosure.
Contributions. This report makes four contributions. 1) We introduce Tencent WorkBuddy
Bench, a suite of four parallel subsets – Code, Web, Office, and Security – that evaluate coding
agents on repository-level software engineering, front-end web development, office and business
workflows, and security-team workflows under one reproducible harness. 2) We construct tasks
with a distribution-informed methodology that resists prompt contamination: each is reverse-
engineered from a real commit, pull request, or business scenario, matched against internal
usage taxonomies, and rewritten as a colloquial, role-played natural-language requirement, not
reproduced from public issue text or drawn from user sessions. 3) We develop an evaluation
methodology that reaches beyond pass/fail unit tests. Every admitted task clears baseline/oracle
admission gates (baseline reward ≤0.3, oracle reward ≥1.0), confirming that the untouched
3
TENCENT WORKBUDDY BENCH
Technical Report · 2026
Table 1. Suite at a glance: the four subsets, each scored under a dual harness (CodeBuddy Code and Claude
Code). All subsets are the initial public release.
Subset
Domain
Scale
Metric
Code
Repository-level SWE
80 tasks
Hidden-test score per run
Web
Front-end / GUI
70 tasks
Rubric scoring (rule / LLM-VLM / agent)
Office
Office data & file workflows
50 tasks
Task-specific Rule/Judge blend
Security
Red- & blue-team security
60 tasks
Programmatic scoring.py (no LLM
judge)
workspace does not already pass and that at least one reference solution reaches full verifier
reward; front-end artifacts are scored through rule checks for deterministic constraints, LLM/VLM
judges for textual, structured, and visual semantics, and an agent-judge that drives the running
artifact to inspect interactive flows and state. For Office, deterministic rule checks verify files,
structure, values, state, and execution boundaries, while an LLM Judge evaluates binary semantic
rubrics using fixed evidence extracted after the task ends. The two scores are reported separately
and combined using each task’s preconfigured weight. 4) We report a cross-model leaderboard
spanning multiple model families under two evaluation harnesses (CodeBuddy Code and Claude
Code).
In short, this report provides three things: the suite’s design, the current task-set composition
of each subset, and the cross-model leaderboard. Table 1 summarizes the four subsets.
The remainder of the report is organized as follows. Section 6 first positions the suite against
existing public and vendor-production agent benchmarks in the code and web domains. Section 2
then describes the suite’s shared design principles, task format, and execution model, followed
by sections detailing each of the four subsets, the evaluation harness and scoring methodology,
results, and limitations.
2 Task Construction
This section states the suite-level construction protocol of Tencent WorkBuddy Bench. Across all
four subsets – Code, Web, Office, and Security – tasks follow the same broad stages: sourcing,
rewriting into realistic requests, assembling the agent-visible workspace, isolating evaluation
assets until the episode ends, and packaging each task as a self-contained directory. User data is
kept out of construction throughout. The scoring instruments and any subset-specific admission
checks are not uniform: Code uses hidden tests, Web uses rule, LLM/VLM, and agent-judge rubric
items, Office uses a task-specific blend of deterministic rule checks and evidence-grounded LLM
Judge rubrics, and Security uses a deterministic scoring.py. Because these instruments differ,
scores are not comparable across subsets and the suite reports no suite-wide average; this is a
deliberate design decision, not a limitation to be corrected. This section covers construction and
packaging; execution and per-track scoring are specified once, in Section 4.
Task sources.
Every task is anchored to a concrete origin of one of two kinds: a real upstream
artifact – a historical commit or pull request in an open-source repository (Code), or a real, histori-
cal CVE (Security’s whitebox-audit tasks) – or a concrete business scenario (Web, Office, and the
synthetic task families of Code and Security). Which scenarios are worth building, and in what
proportion, is decided against internal usage taxonomies: each subset’s mix of categories, task
4
TENCENT WORKBUDDY BENCH
Technical Report · 2026
modes, roles, and difficulty is matched to the distribution of real requests, never to the requests
themselves. No raw user prompt, session, or other user data enters any task; construction is
informed only by aggregate distributions. Within the business-scenario branch, Office uses two
construction routes: tasks reconstructed from task specifications and target capabilities, and tasks
expanded from abstracted office workflows. Both are packaged as self-contained workspaces con-
taining only openly shareable inputs and pass the same checks for workspace integrity, evaluation
assets, calibration, and release readiness.
Rewriting protocol.
Tasks are not written as tidy issue titles or textbook exercises. Where a task
derives from a real upstream artifact, its original context is reverse engineered and rewritten as a
short, colloquial, underspecified natural-language request; where it is authored from a business
scenario, the request is written directly in the same voice. Either way the request reads as a
plausible ask from a colleague or customer – Code additionally voices every task through one of
five requester personas (developer, algorithm engineer, product manager, QA, operations), and
Security assigns each task domain a professional role – and the instruction withholds the root
cause, the reference diff, and any framing that would hand the agent the solution, so the agent
must locate the relevant surface of the workspace itself before it can act. This stands in contrast
to benchmarks that supply a detailed, already-diagnosed issue report.
Deliberate underspecification.
Across all four subsets, requests are written the way a colleague
actually asks – an intent and a constraint, not a specification – and are deliberately left under-
specified: they routinely omit the target file or module, the exact schema or interface, edge-case
handling, and the precise boundary of the change. Resolving these gaps is part of the task itself:
the agent must recover the missing context from the workspace – the repository, data fixtures,
or existing code and interfaces – and commit to a reasonable implicit assumption rather than
being handed one. This is intentional, not an oversight: it tests requirement disambiguation and
grounding as much as code synthesis, and is what separates a realistic work request from a tidy
issue title. Reward is computed from task-specific checks, rubrics, or evaluation procedures, not
by matching one reference implementation or phrasing. These instruments encode the intended
contract, so a plausible but contract-violating output can still fail. The agent is judged on meeting
that contract, not on recovering one blessed realization of it.
Post-episode evaluation isolation.
Throughout an episode, the agent sees the task instruction
and declared workspace but not the grading assets. Only after the agent has finished acting are
task-specific checks, rubrics, or evaluation procedures introduced into the sandbox or invoked
by the evaluation pipeline. “Hidden” or “held out” therefore describes solve-time visibility, not
secrecy after release: the evaluation assets are public with the rest of the dataset. Their form
remains subset-specific – Code hidden tests, Web rubric evaluators, Office Rule–Judge evaluation,
and Security’s deterministic scorer – while the shared property is the temporal boundary between
acting and grading. Code’s diagnostic gold patch and oracle-gated admission are described in the
Code subsection of Section 3.
Task-directory format.
Tasks are packaged using a Harbor [6]-style task-directory convention,
with a small delta from the vanilla Harbor layout that separates the agent-visible workspace from
post-episode evaluation assets:
5
TENCENT WORKBUDDY BENCH
Technical Report · 2026
tasks/<task-name>/
task.toml
instruction.md
environment/
Dockerfile
workspace/
tests/
test.sh
grading/
gold.patch
(optional; Code diagnostic reference)
instruction.md carries the natural-language request described above. task.toml carries
taskmetadata–category, difficulty, tags, resourcelimits, andper-roletimeouts–underaversioned
schema. environment/ defines the sandbox: a Dockerfile that copies in workspace/ and nothing
else, so that the agent-visible surface is exactly the repository or business artifact under test.
tests/ holds post-episode evaluation assets: test.sh is the entry point and grading/ contains
the task-specific checks or evaluation configuration. The optional gold.patch is a Code-specific
diagnostic reference; its role in Code’s oracle-gated admission is described in Section 3. Because
the Dockerfile builds only the visible workspace and everything under tests/ stays outside the
image, the post-episode evaluation boundary is a property of the packaging itself, not of runtime
configuration.
Execution.
How a packaged task is executed – the sandboxed container lifecycle, model con-
nectivity, harness backends, and each track’s scoring rule – is specified once, in Section 4.
Contamination-resistant task construction.
Resistance to contamination comes first from con-
struction. Because tasks are built from real commits, CVEs, and business scenarios and rewritten
into role-played natural-language requests rather than copied from public problem statements,
no task’s instruction text is recoverable by web-searching the underlying issue, pull-request, or
commit thread: the searchable-prompt path is closed at the point the task is written, independent
of when the task is released. Because the dataset is released openly – task directories, grading
tests, and reference solutions included – this resistance can no longer lean on secrecy or on
withholding the graded answer. Two open-benchmark mechanisms carry the remaining weight:
dataset versioning, under which the suite is periodically refreshed and re-versioned so that a re-
leased snapshot can be superseded once exposure to it accumulates, and optional canary strings
that let a later training crawl of the released set be detected. The residual exposure is stated in the
same breath: a model may already have seen the original public commit or pull-request code, or –
for the CVE-anchored security tasks – public vulnerability analysis of the underlying flaw; and,
exactly as for any openly released benchmark such as SWE-bench, a public task set is subject
to post-release training exposure that versioning mitigates but does not eliminate. The claim is
therefore narrow and honest: contamination-resistant task construction closes the searchable-
prompt path by construction, and open-release versioning manages exposure over time – not
that the suite is contamination-free.
Version naming.
Each subset carries an internal version identifier combining a major index
with a date stamp, but the semantics of the major index are subset-specific rather than uniformly
6
TENCENT WORKBUDDY BENCH
Technical Report · 2026
sequential, so version numbers are not directly comparable across subsets.
2.1 What Is Released
The suite is released as a fully open, SWE-bench-style dataset: everything needed to run, grade,
and audit a task is public. The construction protocol above, the packaging convention, the task
directories, the workspace/environment images, the evaluation harness and its aggregation code,
the grading tests, and the reference solutions are all released, so any third party can re-run an
individual task and inspect its content directly – the benchmark is fully reproducible and openly
auditable, not merely auditable at the level of a published protocol. Table 2 lists what the release
contains. The one thing it does not contain is user data, and that is by absence rather than by
withholding: no raw user prompt, session, or other user data is used at any point in construction,
so there is none to release.
Table 2. Open release: the dataset ships every component needed to run, grade, and audit a task.
Component
Status
Task-directory skeleton and packaging convention (this
section)
Released
Task prompts and instruction text
Released
Workspace/environment images for offline third-party test-
ing
Released
Evaluation harness and score-aggregation code
Released
Grading tests (the verifier held out from the agent at solve
time)
Released
Gold patches and reference solutions
Released
Per-task and aggregate scores, and the public leaderboard
Released
User data of any kind
Not used at all – none exists
to release
3 The Benchmark
Tencent WorkBuddy Bench is organized into four complementary subsets – Code, Web, Office, and
Security – each targeting a distinct class of realistic agentic tasks while sharing a common task
format and scoring philosophy. This section introduces the Code subset; the following sections
cover Web, Office, and Security in turn.
3.1 Code
The Code subset measures whether an agent can carry out a real, role-played engineering request
against a full open-source repository – not a single-file toy problem, and not a bug report handed
to it pre-diagnosed. The agent is dropped into a project checked out at a baseline commit, must
locate the relevant code across modules, make the change, and keep the project’s hidden tests
green. What sets the subset apart is its role and task-type diversity: every task is voiced by one
of five requester roles – developer, algorithm engineer (algo), product manager (pm), quality
assurance (qa), and operations (ops) – and spans far more than bug-fix work (Table 4, Figure 2(a)).
7
TENCENT WORKBUDDY BENCH
Technical Report · 2026
Task provenance.
Each task expresses its target change as a natural-language, role-played
request, so solving it requires reading and reasoning about the repository itself. Of the 80 tasks, 34
are anchored to a real upstream commit against an actual OSS snapshot (Family A); the remaining
46 have no upstream code and divide – with an approximate internal split – between clean-room
reimplementations (Family B, 24 tasks, including the 4 tasks that port JavaScript/TypeScript/Rust
targets into Python) and fully synthetic workspaces (Family C, 22 tasks), as summarized in Table 3.
Published repository counts vary with whether clean-room and ported targets are included, so
we do not report an aggregate count.
Table 3. Code subset provenance families. Counts sum to the 80-task release: A = 34, B + C = 46.
Family
Definition
Count
Example
A
Real OSS snapshot at an upstream
commit; the gold patch is the actual
human fix
34
Django, Flask, pytest, Black,
Pydantic, httpx, Celery (∼18
repositories)
B
Clean-room *_like reimplementa-
tion of a target library’s public API,
no original code copied; includes the
4 cross-language ports (JS/TS/Rust
originals in Python)
24
fastapi_like/openapi.py
stub rather than FastAPI itself
C
Fully synthetic workspace with CSV/J-
SON fixtures, authored to exercise a
role’s workflow directly
22
algo workspaces (12) and pm
data workspaces (10)
Scale and release.
Code comprises 80 tasks. Each ships as a self-contained Harbor-style task
directory – instruction.md, task.toml metadata, an environment/ Docker snapshot of the
target repository, and a tests/ directory holding hidden tests plus a diagnostic gold.patch –
following the task-directory format of Section 2.
Oracle-gated admission.
Each candidate Code task passes a two-run validation before admis-
sion. The task image is first built and its verifier is run against the unchanged baseline workspace.
The task’s solution/solve.sh then applies the diagnostic gold patch, after which the verifier
is run again. Admission requires baseline reward ≤0.3 and oracle reward = 1.0. This removes
tasks whose initial workspace already satisfies too much of the intended contract, as well as tasks
whose gold patch cannot achieve full verifier reward. The gold patch is a diagnostic reference for
this validation, not the unique correct solution; any patch that satisfies the hidden tests receives
the corresponding reward.
Domains and difficulty.
Tasks carry one of 18 fine-grained categories, merged into six usage
domains for readability (Figure 2(a)). Bug fixing accounts for only 10 of the 80 tasks; the other
five domains – feature and interface work, code engineering, testing, algorithm engineering, and
product/data analytics – carry the remaining 70, a deliberate expansion beyond the “fix a bug, add
a feature” framing of earlier benchmarks. Difficulty comes chiefly from cross-module exploration
– finding where to edit rather than how – and grows with repository size and structure as tasks
8
TENCENT WORKBUDDY BENCH
Technical Report · 2026
Table 4. Code subset composition (80-task open release).
Dimension
Breakdown
Roles
developer 30 · algo 19 · pm 15 · ops 10 · qa 6
Difficulty (editorial)
easy 7 · medium 31 · hard 42
Difficulty (L-ladder)
L2 4 · L3 27 · L4 40 · L5 9 (centered on L4)
Admission gate
baseline ≤0.3, oracle (gold patch) = 1.0 against hidden tests
80
tasks
(a)  Code usage domains
Feature & API
18
Code eng. & understanding
18
Test & reliability
12
Algorithm engineering
12
Bug fix
10
Product & data analytics
10
70
tasks
(b)  Web task categories
Page interaction
21
Data visualization
15
Visual design
9
Analysis & reporting
7
Code & testing
7
Page implementation
6
Doc conversion
5
70
tasks
(c)  Web lifecycle modes
From Scratch
35
Bug fix
8
Feature extension
8
Review & analysis
7
Test generation
7
Format conversion
5
Figure 2. Code and Web task composition. (a) Six Code usage domains merged from 18 fine-grained
categories; bug fixing accounts for 10 of 80 tasks. (b) Seven Web task categories. (c) Six Web lifecycle
modes; From Scratch accounts for 35 of 70 tasks.
climb the L-ladder, a repository-complexity scale running from L2 (small, few modules) to L5 (large
multi-module codebases). Table 4 gives the role and difficulty distributions.
Early evaluation runs during construction showed what failure looks like at repository scale:
the dominant zero-score modes were agents looping on test-file edits until timeout, and agents
losing their way in a large codebase and editing entirely the wrong files – evidence that difficulty
comes from navigation and grounding rather than code synthesis.
A representative role-played request (product manager, product-analytics, signup_funnel,
hard):
“The checkout-copy experiment finished; I want to know first whether the new version
is better. The data has impression and purchase events – please compute per-group
conversion, revenue, and a simple conclusion, and don’t count purchases that happen
long afterward.”
The request states an intent and a constraint, not an implementation plan: it names neither the
relevant file, the expected schema, nor how the attribution window for excluding late purchases
should be drawn, leaving the agent to recover that context from the repository itself.
9
TENCENT WORKBUDDY BENCH
Technical Report · 2026
User Instruction
Natural language task
from user
Step 1:
Explore Repository
Agent reads and
understands the
target codebase
Step 2:
Modify Project
Agent edits files and
produces a git diff
Agent Patch
Unit Test Evaluation
Run hidden pytest cases
→ test pass rate
⚡ Fast
LLM Judge Evaluation
Intent Coverage
× 0.30
Semantic Correctness
× 0.30
Interface Alignment
× 0.15
Test-Implied Edge Cases
× 0.10
Integration Fit
× 0.05
Regression Risk
× 0.05
Code Quality
× 0.05
★ Comprehensive
Unit Test
Score
× weight
LLM Judge
Score
× weight
Final Score
max(0, 1 − ∑ failed_items)
1
AGENT RUN
2
POST-TASK EVALUATION
3
TASK-LEVEL BLEND
Coding Agent
(Claude Code / CodeBuddy Code)
Weighted Combination
Figure 3. Code task and evaluation workflow. The coding agent reads a natural-language request, explores
the repository, and emits a patch (left); the patch is graded by hidden unit tests and, as a diagnostic
reference, by a rubric-weighted LLM judge (center). The headline Code metric is the hidden-test score; the
LLM-judge reading and its blend are reported as reference values only and never enter the headline metric
(right).
Scoring.
Each task is scored by a per-task verifier run inside its Docker image after the agent’s
patch is applied; the headline Code metric is the run-level score, the per-run average of per-task
hidden-test scores. Section 4 gives the three verifier forms, gold-patch handling, and the reference
readings in full. Figure 3 summarizes this task and evaluation workflow.
3.2 Web
The Web subset tests whether a model can deliver a runnable, checkable front-end artifact – not
simply emit plausible-looking HTML in a chat turn. Every task carries an artifact-not-chat contract:
the agent must produce a runnable artifact at a declared output path (for example, an HTML
entry point); a well-written answer with no artifact at that path fails regardless of content. Across
its 70 tasks, coverage spans front-end artifact generation, modification, analysis, and quality
assurance in one task space: page implementation, page interaction, data visualization, visual
design, analytical reporting, code testing, and document conversion.
Tasks are organized into seven categories (Figure 2(b)): page interaction (21 tasks) and data
visualization (15) dominate, together accounting for 36 of the 70 tasks, while the remainder covers
visual design, front-end project analysis, code testing, page implementation, and document
conversion – work that traditional front-end generation benchmarks rarely exercise.
Orthogonally, each task is authored to exercise one point in the web-development lifecycle
(Figure 2(c)). From Scratch alone would only probe generation ability, so half the suite instead
requires fixing front-end state, runtime, or visual defects, extending an existing page or application,
reviewing Web project evidence, generating regression tests, or converting source material into a
front-end-facing deliverable – so that models which can only create, and not maintain, are not
rewarded disproportionately. In panel (c), From Scratch holds exactly half the suite (35 of 70
tasks), with the other half split across bug fix (8), feature extension (8), review & analysis (7), test
generation (7), and format conversion (5).
10
TENCENT WORKBUDDY BENCH
Technical Report · 2026
User Query
• Instruction
• Requirements
• Data
• Attachments
Agent Rollout
• Read
• Implement
• Debug
Artifact
• Web page
• Runnable web APP
• Report / data / test
• SVG / figures
• Demonstration
Extract
Evidence
Docker
Code trace
Screenshot
Data
Rule Judge
Files exist?
JSON parse?
Tests pass?
Pre-written assertions
LLM / VLM Judge
Semantic & visual check
Agent Judge
Buttons work?
Game flow correct?
State after reload?
Empty state & recovery?
Live agent interaction for workflow & state verification
Checklist
Rule Items
☑ File exists
☑ JSON valid
☑ Tests pass
LLM / VLM Items
☑ Content complete
☐ Source match
☑ Page complete
☐ Mobile readable
Agent Items
☑ Buttons work
☐ Game starts/ends
☐ Reload persistence
☑ State recovery
Score
max(0, 1 − ∑ failed_items)
Query Artifact
Evaluation
Score
Content included?
Page complete?
Mobile readable?
Data matches source?
1
2
3
Figure 4. Web task and evaluation workflow, from query and agent rollout to the delivered artifact (left),
through rule, LLM/VLM, and agent judges over extracted evidence (center), to rubric-item checklist scoring
(right), combining deterministic checks, semantic and visual judgment, and live interaction over the
delivered artifact.
A third axis tracks interaction and state complexity. Twenty-five tasks are noninteractive
front-end project artifacts, while 45 require interaction or state: single-flow state changes (15),
persistence, offline, or cross-state behavior (13), multi-step workflows (9), and light interaction
(8). This axis keeps the subset from collapsing into static page generation: many tasks require the
artifact’s state to change, recover, or stay consistent under user actions.
A representative request from the page-interaction category (mobile store booking):
“I want a mobile store-booking page: users pick a service and a time slot, fill in contact
details, and confirm. Full slots must not be selectable, and there should be a review
step before submitting.”
The ask names an intent and a couple of constraints – slot capacity, a review step before
submission – not a full specification, leaving the agent to produce a runnable artifact that a rubric
can verify against the requested behavior.
Figure 4 summarizes this artifact-centered workflow, from query interpretation and agent
rollout to evidence extraction, complementary judges, and checklist scoring.
Scoring uses rubric items judged by rule checks, LLM/VLM judges, and an agent-judge. Rule
checks cover deterministic delivery constraints such as files, formats, prechecks, and executable
tests; LLM/VLM judges review textual, structured, DOM, screenshot, and visual evidence; and the
agent-judge drives the running artifact to inspect workflows, state changes, and persistence. A run
must still deliver the declared artifact at the declared output path, and tasks run with no access to
the live internet, external accounts, keys, or live data. Section 4 gives the item counts, aggregation
rule, and model-judge risk in full.
11
TENCENT WORKBUDDY BENCH
Technical Report · 2026
50
tasks
(a) Construction route
13
24
13
(b) Calibrated difficulty
Selected task-bank cases  ·  30
Workflow expansion cases  ·  20
Easy
Medium
Hard
Figure 5. Composition of the 50-task Office release by construction route and calibrated difficulty.
3.3 Office
The Office subset tests whether an agent can complete a natural-language work request in a local
workspace containing mixed-format files. Inputs include spreadsheets, documents, PDFs, JSON
exports, Markdown notes, and file trees; outputs include updated workbooks, reports, structured
records, state files, and handoff material. The agent must produce the requested deliverables,
keep information consistent across files, update related state, preserve evidence for review, and
respect task-specific execution constraints. Evaluation examines the final workspace, which
catches failures that a text-answer score misses, such as writing a plausible summary without
updating the workbook it describes or creating a file while leaving dependent state inconsistent.
Scale and coverage.
Figures 5 and 6 summarize the Office release. The first separates con-
struction route and calibrated difficulty; the second places task type, scenario, output family,
and evaluation mechanism in one aligned row. The open release contains 50 tasks built through
two routes: 30 tasks reconstructed from task specifications and target capabilities, and 20 tasks
expanded from abstracted office workflows. Both routes produce the same release package and
follow the same verification protocol. At the broad task-family level used in this coverage view,
the release contains 24 data, spreadsheet, or structured-processing tasks; 17 document, report,
or presentation tasks; and 9 workspace-automation or stateful-workflow tasks. The figure also
groups tasks into six office scenarios: data and finance analysis (16 tasks), documents and presen-
tation material (11), reconciliation and back-office operations (8), engineering and tool workflows
(5), stateful workflows (5), and compliance and evidence organization (5). These groups describe
benchmark coverage rather than estimate production request traffic.
Difficulty is reported in three calibrated tiers: 13 easy, 24 medium, and 13 hard tasks. Output
families use multi-label counts: 24 tasks produce spreadsheets, 20 Markdown, 15 JSON, 6 plain
text, and 5 workspace or state outputs, with smaller coverage of presentation, CSV, manifest,
filesystem, and audit-log deliverables. The release is text-first: its core tasks and evaluation do
not require OCR, a vision-language model, or pixel-level layout judgment.
Construction and difficulty.
Each task starts from a target capability or workflow. We then
build the agent-visible workspace and separate evaluation assets, test the evaluator on saved
submissions, calibrate difficulty, and run release checks. During execution, the agent sees only the
12
TENCENT WORKBUDDY BENCH
Technical Report · 2026
0
20
Data / spreadsheet
/ structured
Document / report
/ presentation
Workspace automation
/ stateful
24
17
9
(a)  Task type
0
10
Data & finance
analysis
Documents &
presentations
Reconciliation &
back office
Engineering &
tool workflows
Stateful
workflows
Compliance &
evidence
16
11
8
5
5
5
(b)  Diagnostic scene
0
20
xlsx
markdown
json
text
state
pptx
csv
filesystem
24
20
15
6
5
3
2
2
(c)  Output family (multi-label)
0
50
Rule checks
LLM Judge
State diff
Mock environment
Trace audit
Runtime boundary
Skill
MCP
50
50
10
6
5
3
1
1
(d)  Evaluation mechanism
Figure 6. Office coverage across task type, diagnostic scenario, output family, and evaluation mechanism,
arranged as a single row of four bar charts. Output families and mechanisms use multi-label counts;
scenario groups describe benchmark coverage and are not estimates of production request traffic.
request and declared inputs; reference answers, expected state, rule checks, semantic rubrics, and
evaluation support files are used only after the agent finishes. Before release, saved-submission
replays check that the evaluator covers the objective requirements, provides enough evidence for
the semantic rubrics, and does not penalize valid high-quality outputs.
Difficulty comes from the solution path rather than file count alone. Common requirements
include cross-file key matching and alias resolution, temporal or state dependencies, rule priority,
conflicting or missing evidence, and consistency across multiple deliverables. A hard task may
require an agent to reconcile several sources, preserve unresolved conflicts, update both a pri-
mary deliverable and a state record, and avoid prohibited side effects. These requirements help
distinguish model capabilities without depending on live services or undisclosed accounts.
A representative task, hospital_bed_utilization, provides a ward configuration table, an
admission log, and a bed-status policy table. The agent must compute monthly utilization by
ward and bed type and write a two-sheet workbook containing utilization detail and ward-level
summaries. A plausible-looking percentage is insufficient: the submission must resolve keys
across sources, normalize dates, apply the correct reporting period and policy denominator,
preserve the requested schema, and keep detail and summary sheets mutually consistent. The
task therefore tests the reliability of a complete file workflow rather than a single calculation.
Scoring.
Every Office task uses two scoring components: deterministic rule checks and an
evidence-grounded LLM Judge. Rule checks are binary tests of objective requirements that can
be evaluated exactly, such as required files, schemas, values, source relations, state transitions,
side effects, and execution constraints. Each semantic rubric defines one binary quality condition
that the Judge evaluates from fixed evidence generated after the task ends, including submitted
deliverables and task-specific state or source summaries. The Judge does not inspect a live
workspace or alter recorded rule-check outcomes. All 50 tasks use both components. For selected
tasks, state differences (10 tasks), controlled environments (6), execution traces (5), or runtime
boundaries (3) provide evidence for rule checks or semantic rubrics; they are not additional
scoring channels. Section 4 defines how each task combines Rule and Judge scores, how trials are
aggregated, and how unavailable Judge results are handled. Figure 7 summarizes the evaluation
flow.
13
TENCENT WORKBUDDY BENCH
Technical Report · 2026
1
AGENT RUN
2
POST-TASK EVALUATION
3
TASK-LEVEL BLEND
4
CROSS-TASK AGGREGATION
Task request
Instruction
Declared inputs
Agent run
Agent edits files &
workspace state
Final workspace
Deliverables 
State
Execution outcome
RULE CHECKS
Deterministic · workspace & execution facts
● Files, schemas, values
● Cross-file relations
● State changes & side effects
● Execution boundaries
R = passed rule checks / N
Task instruction +
verifier result as context
EVIDENCE
Declared artifacts
-> faithful text and
metadata
J = passed rubrics / K
wi × R
(1 - wi) × J
WITHIN EACH TASK ·
AVERAGE 3 TRIALS
3 trial scores -> one task mean
Si = (Si,1 + Si,2 + Si,3) / 3
ACROSS 50 TASKS ·
EQUAL WEIGHT
50 task means -> Office overall
Overall = (1/50) ∑i Si
RULE CONTRIBUTION
JUDGE
CONTRIBUTION
COMBINED TRIAL
SCORE
Si, a = wi × R + (1 - wi) × J
3 trials for task i
Fixed evidence
one binary rubric per call
LLM JUDGE
Figure 7. Office task, evaluation, and scoring flow. The agent acts on the workspace and leaves a final
state (left); deterministic rule checks evaluate the verifiable workspace state while the LLM Judge evaluates
only fixed post-task evidence (center); each task combines the two scores with its own weight, trials are
averaged within each task, and task scores are macro-averaged with equal weight (right).
3.4 Security
The Security subset covers the security-team spectrum – red-team discovery and safe exploitation,
malware analysis, security operations, and agent-security assessment – asking a sharper question
than the bug-fix tasks in Code: can an agent locate a real vulnerability and safely reproduce it
in a sandboxed environment the way a security researcher does, analyze a malware artifact or
triage an alert stream the way a malware analyst or SOC operator does, and probe a tool-using
agent the way an AI red-teamer does. Given a task, the agent must earn each step in turn, with no
defect location or expected behavior handed to it up front, and every task runs inside a sandboxed
evaluation environment. What distinguishes the subset from the rest of the suite is that it carries
no LLM judge anywhere: every task ships a deterministic scoring program that turns agent output
directly into a numeric reward, backed by a five-layer anti-cheat infrastructure that closes off
hardcoding and enumeration.
The Security subset comprises 60 tasks, spanning six fine-grained domains rolled up into four
blocks across both red-team and blue-team disciplines (Table 5, Figure 8). Grouped by discipline
the suite is red-team-heavy – 38 tasks against 22 blue-team tasks – but still exercises the full
defend/detect loop, and difficulty skews hard by design, reflecting the balance of real security
work, where difficult cases outnumber easy ones.
Every task’s deterministic scorer executes inside an isolated Docker container and writes a
numeric reward directly, so the same output re-scored twice returns the same number (Figure 8,
right). Section 4 gives the per-scorer definitions – PoC and flag verification, IOC matching, YARA
match rate under a zero-false-positive constraint, and macro-F1/Kendall-tau report scoring.
14
TENCENT WORKBUDDY BENCH
Technical Report · 2026
Table 5. The Security subset’s composition, shown at four-block granularity (60 tasks). The vulnerability
discovery & exploitation block subdivides into whitebox source audit, blackbox binary exploitation, and
web exploitation, giving the six fine-grained domains referenced in the text.
Block
Role
Tasks
Discipline
Vulnerability discovery & exploitation
Security researcher
32
Red
Malware analysis
Anti-virus engineer
14
Blue
Security operations
SOC analyst / detection eng.
8
Blue
Agent security
AI red-team
6
Red
Difficulty skews hard by design.
1
TASK CONSTRUCTION
2
SECURITY TASK TYPES
EVALUATION
CONCRETE ORIGINS
Historical CVEs + authored scenarios
ROLE-PLAYED REQUESTS
Professional voice · diagnosis withheld
SELF-CONTAINED TASKS
Instruction · workspace · verifier
RED TEAM 
Discovery, safe exploitation, and agent assessment
01
CVE audit → PoC
02
ELF · services
03
Named exploit
techniques
04
Injection 
tool misuse
SECURITY RESEARCHER
Locate vulnerable paths 
safely reproduce behavior
AI RED-TEAM
Probe tool-using agents 
Structured findings
BLUE TEAM
22 TASKS
05
MALWARE
ANALYSIS
14 TASKS
Reversing · IOC · YARA
06 SECURITY
OPERATIONS
8 TASKS
SOC triage · detection
rules
AGENT OUTPUT
PoC / flag · IOC / YARA
structured findings 
SOC report
ISOLATED DOCKER
NUMERIC REWARD
3
BLACKBOX BINARY
EXPLOITATION
WEB EXPLOITATION
AGENT SECURITY 
WHITEBOX
SOURCE AUDIT
38 TASKS
per-task deterministic 
scoring · PoC · matching 
report scoring
Task-specific evidence & 
correctness average over 3
independent runs
Detection, defense
hardening
From Real
Vulnerabilities to
Reproducible
Security Tasks
Figure 8. WorkBuddy Bench Security overview. Tasks are built from real, historical vulnerabilities and
authored scenarios into reproducible, self-contained cases (left); they span six red- and blue-team task
types – whitebox source audit, blackbox binary exploitation, web exploitation, agent security, malware
analysis, and security operations – across 38 red-team and 22 blue-team tasks (center); and each is scored
by a per-task deterministic program inside an isolated Docker container that emits a numeric reward (right).
The discovery & exploitation block spans whitebox source-audit, blackbox binary-exploitation,
andweb-exploitationtasks. Thewhiteboxauditsreproducereal, historicalCVEsinwidelydeployed
upstream projects – binutils, curl, nginx, vim, jq, and fluent-bit – under a two-step find-vuln →
poc-verify structure in which the second step is gated on clearing the first. In a representative task
of this kind, e.g. one targeting binutils, step one gives the agent only the source tree and asks it to
readtheparser, tracethedataflow, andlocatethevulnerablecodepath, scoredagainstathreshold
before the environment unlocks step two; only then can the agent submit a proof-of-concept
input, which passes only if it reproducibly triggers an ASAN crash inside the sandboxed container –
a pacing meant to mirror a real audit-then-exploit engagement rather than hand over the defect’s
location up front. The web-exploitation cases are built around specific, named techniques (e.g.,
House of Apple2 and ECDSA nonce reuse) rather than generic vulnerability classes. The six agent-
security tasks probe attack surfaces specific to tool-using AI agents – agent-to-agent prompt
injection, ReAct chain hijacking, multimodal prompt-chain injection, tool-schema confusion, data
exfiltration via a summarization tool, and delayed-trigger attacks – and each requires the agent to
return a structured findings report with a CVSS severity rating, mirroring the deliverable a security
15
TENCENT WORKBUDDY BENCH
Technical Report · 2026
team would expect from a pre-launch agent security review.
Anti-cheat.
To keep scores meaningful under fully automated, non-judge verification, every
task sits behind a five-layer anti-cheat infrastructure that closes off hardcoding and enumeration
along the input, code, and output axes:
• Banned-literal scanning against hardcoded answers.
• Renamed-input tests that check whether an extractor parses structure rather than keying
off a filename.
• Overlay/tamper tests against trailing-data manipulation.
• Encoding-dependence tests that require detection rules to anchor on bytes rather than
plaintext.
• Low-weight decoy fields that suppress reward from blind enumeration.
Like the other subsets, Security is scored under both the CodeBuddy Code and Claude Code
harnesses in think mode, averaged over three runs; results appear in Section 5.
16
TENCENT WORKBUDDY BENCH
Technical Report · 2026
4 Evaluation Harness and Scoring
A benchmark’s numbers are only as trustworthy as the machinery that produces them. Tencent
WorkBuddy Bench treats that machinery as a first-class contribution rather than an implementa-
tion detail: every task, regardless of track, ships as a self-contained task directory and is executed
inside a sandboxed container under one shared harness, and the benchmark is released fully
open – task directories, environment images, evaluation code, grading tests, and reference/gold
solutions are all public. An external party needs no special access to the benchmark’s internal
infrastructure and no bespoke evaluation path per subset: a score can be reproduced, and any
individual task re-run and audited directly, from the public release alone. This section describes
that harness, how agents connect to models under evaluation, and the scoring rule applied per
track; the per-subset sections above defer their scoring detail here.
Sandboxed execution and model connectivity.
Each trial runs a task’s environment inside an
isolated container; the agent sees only the task’s declared workspace, and task-specific evaluation
assets are introduced into the sandbox or invoked by the evaluation pipeline only after the agent
has finished acting, so grading never leaks into the agent’s context. Model and sandbox concerns
are kept deliberately separate: the harness can reach a model backend either directly or through
a local proxy that performs protocol translation, model-name rewriting, and request logging, and
it can execute the sandbox either on a local machine or on a remote, isolated sandbox backend.
When the sandbox runs remotely, no benchmark-side proxy is ever placed inside it – any protocol
handling that would otherwise be the proxy’s job is left to the model service itself – and the
one combination of sandbox backend and connection mode that cannot satisfy this separation
is disabled outright rather than silently falling back to another path. One access asymmetry is
disclosed for completeness: the HY (Hunyuan) endpoint used in this evaluation is served first-party
by its provider, whereas all other models are accessed through third-party serving endpoints;
third-party parameter configuration and request handling may affect metrics.
Harness backends.
The default execution harness is CodeBuddy Code; Claude Code, which
speaks the Anthropic protocol directly, is supported as an alternative wherever a model’s own
protocol makes that route available. All four tracks are run and reported under both harnesses side
by side (dual-harness reporting), since relative rankings can shift between the two – a model that
leads under one harness need not lead under the other (Section 5). Reasoning mode (think vs.
nothink) is one further configuration axis the harness records per model, alongside the sampling
hyperparameters described below; the leaderboard in Section 5 reports the think-mode config-
uration throughout. Across both harnesses the protocol fixes reasoning effort to high, unifies
the context window at 200k tokens with a common auto-compaction threshold, and disables
the WebSearch and AskUserQuestion tools; each model otherwise runs with its provider-default
inference hyperparameters, as recorded below. Reported results are tied to the specific builds of
the two harnesses used in this evaluation, and metrics may shift as harness versions evolve.
Scoring formalism.
Every task 𝑡in a track’s task set T yields a verifier reward 𝑟𝑡∈[0, 1], and a
model’s track score is the unweighted mean
𝑆=
1
|T |
∑︁
𝑡∈T
𝑟𝑡,
(1)
17
TENCENT WORKBUDDY BENCH
Technical Report · 2026
averaged over independent runs where a track scores more than one. The per-task reward differs
by track. For Code, 𝑟𝑡is the hidden-test pass rate of the agent’s patch. For Web, the reward is
computed from a task-specific set of scored rubric items: each item returns pass/fail; let 𝐹𝑡be the
set of failed non-fatal items, each with penalty 𝑝𝑡,𝑖; and any fatal failure sets the task reward to
zero:
𝑟𝑡=
(
0,
if any fatal item fails,
max(0, 1 −Í
𝑖∈𝐹𝑡𝑝𝑡,𝑖),
otherwise,
(2)
For Office, the task reward is a task-specific blend of a deterministic Rule score and an evidence-
grounded Judge score, defined below; and for Security, the per-task deterministic scorer combines
three programmatic terms, 𝑟𝑡= 𝑤1 artifact + 𝑤2 correctness + 𝑤3 robustness (Figure 8), averaged
over three runs.
Per-track scoring.
Every task is packaged and executed the same way, but the reward computed
from it is track-specific:
• Code – the run-level score computed by the Harbor harness [6]: the per-run average of
per-task hidden-test scores, which is the headline Code metric throughout this report. The
verifier takes one of three forms – a pytest-injected suite (22 of 80 tasks), functional boolean
assertions needing no pytest or network access (54 of 80), or a JSON-report scorer for
repository-understanding tasks (4 of 80); the gold patch is diagnostic only, and any satisfying
patch scores full marks. A task-level aggregate unit-test pass rate and an LLM-judge score
are recorded as reference values only.
• Web – rubric scoring over 786 scored items. Rule checks cover 62 deterministic delivery and
precheck items; LLM/VLM judges cover 676 items over text, code, structured content, DOM
summaries, screenshots, and visual evidence; and the agent-judge covers 48 items that
require operating the running artifact, such as workflow completion, state changes, persis-
tence, and cross-state consistency. Failed items subtract configured penalties (0.1/0.2/0.3),
while fatal failures set the task reward to zero. Every task must still deliver a runnable artifact
at the declared output path, with no live-internet, external-account, or key access.
• Office – two separately retained scoring channels, each composed of binary checks. De-
terministic rule checks verify objective facts in files, structure, values, cross-file relations,
state changes, side effects, and execution boundaries. Each semantic rubric specifies one
binary, evidence-based quality condition evaluated by an LLM Judge after the task ends.
The Judge receives the public task instruction, the complete set of rule-check results, and
only the fixed evidence named by the rubric being evaluated; it does not inspect the live
workspace or alter recorded rule-check outcomes. Each task preconfigures how the two
channel scores are combined.
• Security – hidden-test verification, no LLM judge: every task ships a scoring.py, run in
an isolated container, writing a numeric reward directly – exploitation tasks verify a PoC
or captured flag, malware-analysis tasks compare IOCs to ground truth, YARA-rule tasks
check match rate under a zero-false-positive constraint, and SOC-report tasks score via
macro-F1/Kendall-tau against a reference report. Each score averages three independent
runs. A five-layer anti-cheat infrastructure (banned-literal scanning, renamed-input tests,
overlay/tamper tests, encoding-dependence tests, and low-weight decoy fields) guards
against hardcoding across the input, code, and output axes.
18
TENCENT WORKBUDDY BENCH
Technical Report · 2026
Office Rule–Judge composition.
For model 𝑚on trial 𝑎of Office task𝑖, let 𝑃𝑚,𝑖,𝑎be the number
of the task’s 𝑁𝑖deterministic rule checks that pass. The Rule score is
𝑅𝑚,𝑖,𝑎= 𝑃𝑚,𝑖,𝑎
𝑁𝑖
.
(3)
If task 𝑖has 𝐾𝑖semantic rubrics and rubric 𝑘returns 𝑏𝑚,𝑖,𝑎,𝑘∈{0, 1}, the Judge score is
𝐽𝑚,𝑖,𝑎= 1
𝐾𝑖
𝐾𝑖
∑︁
𝑘=1
𝑏𝑚,𝑖,𝑎,𝑘.
(4)
The trial score uses the task’s preconfigured rule weight 𝑤𝑖:
𝑆𝑚,𝑖,𝑎= 𝑤𝑖𝑅𝑚,𝑖,𝑎+ (1 −𝑤𝑖)𝐽𝑚,𝑖,𝑎.
(5)
Each task fixes 𝑤𝑖between 0.70 and 0.95; Office does not use a single global Rule weight. Let 𝐴𝑖
be the number of available trials for task 𝑖. These trials are averaged first, ¯𝑆𝑚,𝑖= 𝐴−1
𝑖
Í
𝑎𝑆𝑚,𝑖,𝑎. If
𝑇tasks have at least one available trial, the Office score is their equal-weight macro-average,
Overall𝑚= 1
𝑇
𝑇
∑︁
𝑖=1
¯𝑆𝑚,𝑖.
(6)
Rule and Judge sub-scores use the same two-level aggregation and remain available for diagnosis.
A failed evidence extraction or Judge call assigns zero only to the affected rubric; the remaining
rubrics continue. If a trial has no Judge score because the Judge input exceeds the supported
length or every Judge call fails, the evaluator retains the Rule score and error state, marks the
combined trial score as unavailable, and excludes that trial from both aggregation levels.
Judge-based components and scoring risk.
Three components in the suite are model-judged
rather than programmatic: Web’s LLM/VLM and agent-judge rubric items, whose penalties are
configured per task; Office’s LLM-judge layer for semantic-quality checks; and Code’s LLM-judge
score, which is recorded as a reference value only and never enters the headline metric. The known
risk is model-judge bias – a judge model can systematically favor particular output styles or its own
model family. The exposure is bounded by construction: the headline metrics rest on deterministic
verification for Code (hidden tests) and Security (per-task deterministic scorer, no LLM judge);
Office reduces, but does not eliminate, LLM Judge risk by binding every binary semantic rubric to
fixedpost-taskevidence,retainingdeterministicRuleoutcomesasaseparatescore,andpreventing
Judge conclusions from altering those outcomes; and Web retains deterministic rule checks for
delivery and precheck constraints while grounding LLM/VLM and agent judgments in recorded
evidence from the final artifact.
Inference hyperparameters.
A model’s effective sampling behavior can be set at three different
layers – the vendor’s own server-side default, the benchmark’s routing/gateway layer, and an
explicit override in the job configuration – so the project maintains a per-model hyperparameter
record (covering fields such as temperature, top-p, max tokens, and the reasoning/thinking toggle)
to avoid conflating the three. This bookkeeping currently spans a schema populated for the seven
evaluated models. In practice, most models are run without an explicit sampling override, and the
one parameter the benchmark deliberately fixes and reports per model is the reasoning mode.
19
TENCENT WORKBUDDY BENCH
Technical Report · 2026
Disclosure policy.
Tencent WorkBuddy Bench is released as a fully open benchmark: task
directories, environment images, evaluation code, grading tests, and reference/gold solutions are
all made public alongside the aggregate leaderboard, following the SWE-bench-style convention
of publishing the full task set rather than an aggregate-only score. The terms “hidden tests” (for
Code) and “held-out evaluation assets” (more generally) describe solve-time visibility, not secrecy:
they are unavailable to the agent’s own context during a run and are introduced or invoked only
after the agent has finished acting (see above), but they are public in the released dataset like
every other task artifact. Contamination resistance instead rests on task freshness at authoring
time – tasks are built from content excluded from model-pretraining corpora before the release
date – not on withholding task content after release.
5 Results
This section reports the Tencent WorkBuddy Bench leaderboard, read against the question the
suite is built to answer: how does agent capability rank across four distinct classes of real work –
Code, Web, Office, and Security – and how robust is that ranking when the harness itself changes.
Every score is the average of three independent runs in think mode, and all four subsets are scored
under both the CodeBuddy Code (cbc) and Claude Code (cc) harnesses. Every model is scored on
every track/harness combination; one cell – Claude Opus 4.8’s Code score under Claude Code –
comes from a modified-instruction run, marked ‡ in Table 6 and described in its caption.
Code
Web
Office
Security
Model
cbc
cc
cbc
cc
cbc
cc
cbc
cc
Claude Opus 4.8
74.43
77.90‡
68.14
69.86
82.37
83.23
64.37
65.87
GPT-5.5
72.90
76.63
61.14
64.86
81.96
86.05
64.39
77.91
GLM-5.2
71.54
77.06
67.43
60.71
79.60
79.57
76.32
80.86
HY-3
62.90
66.26
67.71
66.43
82.08
80.08
64.50
65.59
MiniMax-M3
60.14
66.42
58.00
52.57
78.28
76.30
74.14
59.30
DeepSeek-V4-Pro
58.92
64.59
54.57
51.57
79.11
78.71
70.04
58.73
DeepSeek-V4-Flash
55.73
61.89
47.29
50.29
77.47
77.54
67.11
53.90
Table 6. Tencent WorkBuddy Bench leaderboard. Scores are 0–100, think mode, averaged over three runs,
under the CodeBuddy Code (cbc) and Claude Code (cc) harnesses. Bold on shaded cells marks the best
score in each column. ‡Claude Opus 4.8’s Code score under Claude Code comes from a modified-instruction
run: on top of the disabled AskUserQuestion tool (Section 4), an explicit do-not-ask, complete-in-one-
pass instruction was added, so its setup differs slightly from the other runs.
Per-track leaders. No single model tops every board. Across the eight boards in Table 6,
leadership splits three ways: Claude Opus 4.8 leads five – Code under both harnesses (74.43 under
cbc; 77.90 under cc, from the modified-instruction run noted ‡ in the table caption), Web under
both harnesses (68.14 under cbc, 69.86 under cc), and Office under cbc (82.37), where HY-3 (82.08)
is the Office runner-up just below it; GLM-5.2 leads two – Security under both harnesses (76.32
under cbc, 80.86 under cc); and GPT-5.5 leads one, Office under cc (86.05). That an open-weight
model, GLM-5.2, tops both Security boards outright is itself a finding: on this suite the gap between
open-weight and closed frontier models is board-dependent rather than uniform.
Harness sensitivity. With all four tracks scored under both harnesses, the harness is visibly
not a neutral measurement instrument – and the four tracks are affected to very different degrees.
Code shifts the most uniformly: the rank order of models on Code differs between the two har-
20
TENCENT WORKBUDDY BENCH
Technical Report · 2026
nesses — GPT-5.5 sits ahead of GLM-5.2 under cbc (72.90 vs. 71.54) but behind it under cc (76.63 vs.
77.06) — and Claude Opus 4.8’s modified-instruction cc run likewise sits higher than its cbc score.1
Web is more mixed under Claude Code: four of seven dual-scored models drop, by margins from
−1.28 (HY-3) to −6.72 (GLM-5.2), while three rise – Claude Opus 4.8 (+1.72), DeepSeek-V4-Flash
(+3.00), and GPT-5.5 (+3.72); the signed mean shift is −1.14, and Claude Opus 4.8 leads Web
under both harnesses. Office moves least: five of the seven dual-scored models shift by under
two points (median absolute shift 0.86), the exceptions being GPT-5.5 (+4.09) and HY-3 (−2.00).
Security shows the largest reordering between harnesses: the mean absolute shift across the
seven dual-scored models is 8.6 points. GLM-5.2 leads Security under both harnesses, but below
it the board reorders substantially: GPT-5.5 climbs from sixth under cbc to second under cc, while
MiniMax-M3 falls from second to fifth.
Refusals on Security. A small number of Security runs ended in task-level refusals on security-
flavored requests. Across the three runs, Claude Opus 4.8 recorded 13 refusals under Claude Code
(none under CodeBuddy Code), GPT-5.5 recorded 2 under CodeBuddy Code, and all other models
recorded none. These counts are reported for context; the leaderboard scores average over all
runs as executed.
Coding versus Data & Algo gap. The Code subset’s own category taxonomy separates coding
proper from data- and algorithm-style work, and the gap between them is systematic rather than
incidental: a per-category breakdown (not shown in Table 6, drawn from the subset’s internal
per-category results) finds that model/harness configurations almost uniformly score higher
on Data & Algorithm tasks than on Coding tasks, at an average of roughly 74% versus roughly
65%. The reading offered alongside that breakdown is that data- and algorithm-style tasks are
rarely hard as code – they are hard in business or data semantics – whereas precisely fixing a real
repository under an existing contract is the more discriminating skill. Table 6 is consistent with
this: in every model/harness configuration scored on both tracks, the Code score sits below the
same configuration’s Office score, often by ten points or more, whereas the Code score sits above
the same configuration’s Web score in all but one case – HY-3 is the sole exception, scoring higher
on Web than on Code under both harnesses, clearly under cbc (67.71 vs. 62.90) and marginally
under cc (66.43 vs. 66.26).
Which Code categories are hardest. A per-category breakdown of the Code subset (mean
reward averaged over all valid configurations) makes the same point at finer grain. The two hardest
categories are bug_fix (mean 0.47) and api_contract (mean 0.47) – real-repository regression
fixing and precise, contract-honoring interface work – while the easiest are feature_pipeline
(0.94) and testing (0.88), which are well-specified synthetic pipelines and test-writing tasks. Sev-
eral product/analytics categories show an exceptionally wide model spread (product_analytics
ranges from 0.08 to 1.00 across models), a signature of tasks where the score turns on whether
the model correctly reads the business intent rather than on whether its code runs.
Why bug_fix is the hardest category. These tasks are real upstream regressions posed
colloquially, with the root cause withheld. Solving one means locating an intermittent, context-
dependent fault from a one-sentence symptom description – pure repository understanding
with no algorithmic difficulty – and then patching it minimally without breaking the surrounding
contract. The low mean (0.47) shows that current models still struggle at precisely this SWE-bench-
1Harness–model integration details also matter within a single harness: a diagnostic rerun of HY-3 on the Code
subset with cross-turn reasoning passback enabled – thinking content passed back to the backend across turns –
scored 66.72 under CodeBuddy Code (+3.82 over the leaderboard configuration) and 68.18 under Claude Code (+1.92),
under the same three-run protocol. The leaderboard reports the standard configuration.
21
TENCENT WORKBUDDY BENCH
Technical Report · 2026
style skill of grounding a vague report in the right lines of a large codebase. A related, distinct
failure is semantically correct but contract-mismatched code: the model implements the right
behavior under the wrong function name, parameter shape, or output format, so a functional
verifier still fails it. This is most acute on api_contract, where a task must preserve a precise set
of fields under an existing contract and a single dropped field zeroes the checks that depend on it.
Two representative failure modes. Two Code bad cases illustrate the dominant ways points
are lost. In an OpenAPI contract task, a model produces behaviorally reasonable output but
drops one or two required fields (for example deprecated or examples) or leaves a path param-
eter’s required flag to its default; because the verifier runs a dozen per-field boolean checks,
each omission zeroes the checks that depend on it and drags the overall score down sharply –
the functionality is not wrong so much as the contract implied by the tests is not matched. In
a product-analytics task, the colloquial ask is to compute per-group conversion and revenue
while “not counting purchases that happen long afterward” – an implicit conversion-attribution
window. High-scoring models filter the late purchases by that window; low-scoring ones ignore
the constraint and count every purchase, over-estimating conversion, even though the code runs
cleanly either way. The gap comes entirely from whether the business rule was understood, which
is why the model spread on this category runs nearly the full range.
Web capability slices. Web slice results point to a consistent pattern: visual design and
analytical reporting are the strongest categories, with code testing and page implementation
next, while page interaction and data-visualization semantics expose the most failures. The
interaction/state axis tells a complementary story: noninteractive and lightly interactive artifacts
score well above stateful ones – single-flow state changes, multi-step workflows, and persistence,
offline, and cross-state behavior are the hardest slices in the subset.
The failure pattern is less about rendering a visible page than about closing a front-end en-
gineering loop. Models often produce a plausible UI but lose consistency among state source,
display, persistence, and final payload – the interactive and stateful slices are precisely where
scores are lowest – or produce charts and data-visualization outputs without a clear source-to-
output evidence trail. By evaluation signal, LLM/VLM items account for most checks and most
failed items; rule failures mostly reflect delivery, precheck, format, or executable-test contracts,
while agent-judge failures correspond to workflow or state breakage in the running artifact.
Office performance by difficulty and task type. Figure 9 shows how Office performance
varies by difficulty and by seven diagnostic task types. Within each harness, cross-model mean
scores decline from easy to medium to hard tasks (84.6/80.3/73.1 under cbc and 83.9/78.9/72.0
under cc). Model strengths also differ by task type: Claude Opus 4.8 leads multi-source merge and
reconciliation under both harnesses, whereas GPT-5.5 leads five of the seven types shown under
cc, including aggregation and metric reasoning, complex rule execution, and structured extraction.
This view also reveals differences hidden by aggregate scores: GLM-5.2 is nearly unchanged overall
across harnesses (79.60 vs. 79.57), yet its multi-file extraction score falls from 87.7 to 70.5 while
complex rule execution remains nearly unchanged (83.1 vs. 83.3).
Common failure patterns in reviewed Office submissions. We inspected the deliverables
and Rule/Judge evidence for selected low-scoring tasks. The same problems recurred: related
deliverables were inconsistent, records were not clearly tied to their source or current state, struc-
tured files could not be parsed, or agents submitted artifacts without validating them. Because
the Office verifier checks files, cross-file relations, state, output contracts, and evidence-grounded
semantic requirements, these incomplete workflows lose points even when one deliverable looks
plausible.
22
TENCENT WORKBUDDY BENCH
Technical Report · 2026
Easy
(n=13)
Medium
(n=24)
Hard
(n=13)
70
75
80
85
Cross-model mean Overall
(a) Difficulty trend
84.6
80.3
73.1
83.9
78.9
72.0
CBC (10 models)
CC (9 models)
Merge &
reconciliation
(n=11)
Aggregation &
metric reasoning
(n=9)
Document
editing
(n=6)
Multi-file
extraction
(n=5)
Complex rule
execution
(n=5)
Structured
extraction
(n=5)
Conversion &
rendering
(n=4)
CBC · GPT-5.5
CBC · Claude Opus 4.8
CBC · GLM-5.2
CC · GPT-5.5
CC · Claude Opus 4.8
CC · GLM-5.2
77.1
88.7
76.6
84.6
85.8
74.0
83.7
81.8
88.2
72.3
73.9
82.3
87.6
85.2
74.6
81.2
76.4
87.7
83.1
88.6
84.5
80.7
92.6
78.1
87.0
88.4
89.5
85.5
81.3
88.8
72.9
81.2
83.1
88.7
87.4
79.7
79.2
74.8
70.5
83.3
88.5
75.3
(b) Performance by task type
Figure 9. Office results by difficulty and task type. (a) Mean Office score by calibrated difficulty within each
harness, averaged over all models with scored runs in that panel. (b) Equal-weight task average for the
seven diagnostic task types represented by at least four tasks, shown for the three models discussed in
the text. Scores use a 0–100 scale. Bold marks the best score in the full model set for each task type and
harness, so a displayed three-model group may contain no bold value. HY-3’s per-task slices in this figure
predate its updated Office run, so its contribution to the panel means reflects the earlier scoring.
5.1 Token and Turn Efficiency
Table 7 reports per-run averages of assistant turns, output tokens, and input tokens on the Code
subset. Turns are counted as unique assistant messages, including subagent activity alongside
the main agent. Output tokens are comparable across the two harnesses; input tokens are
reported cache-inclusive – they count cached context reads as well as fresh input – and are
not comparable across harnesses, because the two harnesses manage context and caching under
different conventions, so input figures should only be read within a harness column. Output-token
counts should also not be read as a cross-model efficiency metric: different models use different
tokenizers, so a token is not a constant unit of work across models, and the comparisons below
are illustrative rather than a rigorous cross-model efficiency ranking.
CodeBuddy Code (cbc)
Claude Code (cc)
Model
Avg turns
Output (k)
Input (k)
Avg turns
Output (k)
Input (k)
Claude Opus 4.8
29.51
22.3
928.7
13.2‡
4.7‡
646.5‡
GPT-5.5
26.92
6.9
753.2
30.44
8.7
696.5
GLM-5.2
33.06
12.3
861.4
33.73
22.0
1243.3
HY-3
26.02
9.3
586.8
18.07
13.9
659.2
MiniMax-M3
28.89
8.5
1021.4
33.90
10.6
1308.3
DeepSeek-V4-Pro
44.01
10.2
800.0
24.20
23.7
642.3
DeepSeek-V4-Flash
40.30
9.8
700.5
23.12
28.6
771.4
Table 7. Per-run averages on the Code subset, by harness: turns (unique assistant messages, including
subagent activity), output tokens, and cache-inclusive input tokens, in thousands. Output tokens are
comparable across harnesses; input tokens are not, because the two harnesses manage context and
caching under different conventions. ‡Claude Opus 4.8’s Claude Code figures come from the modified-
instruction run described in Table 6.
Three observations. First, GPT-5.5 posts top-tier scores on a minimal output budget: its 6.9k
23
TENCENT WORKBUDDY BENCH
Technical Report · 2026
tokens per run under cbc is the lowest output budget on that harness, and its 8.7k under cc is
the lowest among the standard-protocol runs – against a field that mostly spends 8–29k; the
smallest cc output overall belongs to Claude Opus 4.8’s modified-instruction run (4.7k). Second,
spend and rank are not aligned: DeepSeek-V4-Flash emits roughly 3.3× GPT-5.5’s output under cc
(28.6k vs. 8.7k) while scoring 14.74 points lower (61.89 vs. 76.63), and GLM-5.2’s 77.06 under cc
costs 22.0k output tokens against GPT-5.5’s 8.7k for a 0.43-point margin – while Claude Opus 4.8
pairs the highest cbc output (22.3k) with the cbc lead. Third, among standard-protocol runs turn
counts vary roughly 2.4× across configurations (18.07 to 44.01 per run), and neither extreme aligns
with score: the leanest standard configuration is HY-3 under cc at 18.07 turns for a mid-board
66.26, while the two largest turn counts (DeepSeek-V4-Pro at 44.01 and DeepSeek-V4-Flash at
40.30, both under cbc) belong to the two lowest-scoring cbc configurations. Claude Opus 4.8’s
modified-instruction cc run sits below the standard range at 13.2 turns and 4.7k output tokens
per run.
Across subsets.
The Code budget profile is not universal. Office runs are the leanest – 16–42
turns and 10–30k output tokens per run across models and harnesses – and Web sits in the middle
(13–39 turns), while Security is the heaviest track by a wide margin, at 30–89 turns per run.2 The
Security extreme is stark: MiniMax-M3 under cbc averages 88.8 turns and roughly 11.1M cache-
inclusive input tokens per run for its 74.14. Across all four tracks, GPT-5.5 is consistently the leanest
high scorer: under cbc it posts the smallest output budget of any model on every track – 6.9k
output tokens per run on Code, 13.5k on Web, 10.2k on Office, and 7.5k on Security.
6 Related Work
We first position Tencent WorkBuddy Bench against existing agent benchmarks in the code, web,
office, and security domains; the suite’s own task-construction methodology, subset design, and
evaluation harness are detailed in the sections that follow. These are design-time comparisons
drawn from the benchmark’s own qualitative analysis of task design, not a head-to-head measured
evaluation of agents across these suites.
Code. The Code subset occupies a similar problem space to the SWE-bench family [1, 2]
and to library-from-scratch benchmarks such as Commit0 [7], but differs in instruction style and
role diversity. Where SWE-bench and SWE-bench Verified supply a detailed GitHub issue – and
Commit0 a test-driven specification to implement against – Code tasks are authored as short,
colloquial requests, closer to how a teammate phrases an ask than to a filed issue, deliberately
leaving implementation detail underspecified; and Code spans five requester roles (developer,
algorithm engineer, product manager, QA, ops) across 18 categories beyond bug fixing, rather
than a single issue-resolution framing. Contamination resistance is pursued differently across the
family: LiveCodeBench [8] relies on problems released after model training cutoffs, whereas Code
relies on freshly authored task directories – real upstream commits, clean-room reimplementa-
tions, and synthetic workspaces – built and held back from publication until the benchmark’s
release, at which point prompts, hidden tests, and gold patches are published in full alongside it.
RepoBench [9] and Aider Polyglot [10] target narrower slices of the same space (repository-level
completion and templated multi-language exercises), and Terminal-Bench [11] evaluates general
terminal-agent competence rather than repository-scoped code changes.
2Security turn and token statistics still use the earlier turn-counting convention and have not yet been recomputed
as unique assistant messages; their turn counts are therefore not directly comparable to the Code figures in Table 7.
24
TENCENT WORKBUDDY BENCH
Technical Report · 2026
End-to-end and production coding-agent benchmarks. Vibe Code Bench [12] evaluates
zero-to-one web application development from text specifications through browser-agent work-
flow tests over deployed applications, making it a close reference point for runnable front-end
deliverables. CursorBench [5] pursues a related realism goal by a different route: it traces com-
mitted code back to the original agent request from authentic production sessions, so its task
distribution is anchored to how one vendor’s users actually work rather than to curated issue
text. These choices make both benchmarks important reference points, but they leave different
gaps for our setting. Vibe Code Bench focuses on from-scratch application construction, while
WorkBuddy Web also covers modification, review, front-end project tests, analysis, and conversion.
CursorBench is closed-source, so its task set, category distribution, and any selection bias toward
the vendor’s own agent cannot be independently audited, and its representativeness cannot be
confirmed to extend beyond that vendor’s user base. Tencent WorkBuddy Bench pursues realism
through a distribution-informed route and then releases the result fully open: task categories,
shapes, and intents are checked against real usage (Section 3), tasks are reverse-engineered from
real artifacts and curated or synthesized to match that distribution rather than released as raw
production sessions, and the resulting task directories, environment images, evaluation code,
grading tests, and reference solutions are all publicly released and independently auditable.
Web. Design2Code [3] and Interaction2Code [13] evaluate static and lightly interactive page
reproduction from a reference design; FrontendBench [14] extends automatic judging to a broader
set of front-end generation tasks; WebArena [4] and VisualWebArena [15] instead evaluate an
agent operating an existing browser environment rather than producing a runnable artifact from
scratch. Each is strong on one or two axes – static reproduction, interactive generation, browser-
agent operation, or code-maintenance realism – but none combines page/UI work, data and
chart artifacts, front-end project documents, tests, and analyses, non-scratch lifecycle coverage,
runtime interaction/state checks, and rule, LLM/VLM, and agent judging in one evaluation. Table 8
keeps those axes separate rather than reporting task counts, since published benchmark scales
are not directly comparable across webpage, interaction, issue, and application-specification
units. The comparison is qualitative and self-reported from each benchmark’s own published
description, not a measured evaluation.
Work surface
Lifecycle
Runtime evidence
Oracle
Benchmark
UI App Data Doc/test Scratch Fix/ext. Review/convert Action
State
Rule VLM Agent
Vibe Code Bench v1.1
•
•
◦
•
•
◦
•
◦
CursorBench 3.1
◦
◦
◦
•
•
◦
•
Design2Code
•
•
◦
•
Interaction2Code
•
•
•
•
◦
•
◦
FrontendBench
•
◦
•
•
◦
•
WebArena
•
•
•
•
VisualWebArena
•
•
•
•
◦
WorkBuddy Web
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
Table 8. Web benchmark capability matrix. • = full coverage, ◦= partial coverage, blank = not covered or
not applicable. Axes are task-design and verification coverage, not a head-to-head measured evaluation of
agent performance; model-judge bias for VLM and agent-judge layers is discussed separately in Section 7.
Office. Recent benchmarks cover complementary parts of office-agent work. Workspace-
Bench1.0[16]evaluatestaskswithlarge-scaleheterogeneousfiledependenciesusingfine-grained
rubrics across multiple agent harnesses. ClawsBench [17] evaluates capability and safety in
25
TENCENT WORKBUDDY BENCH
Technical Report · 2026
snapshot-restored simulations of Gmail, Calendar, Docs, Drive, and Slack. OdysseyBench [18]
targets long-horizon, multi-application workflows over extended interaction histories, while
SpreadsheetBench 2 [19] probes end-to-end construction, repair, and visualization in complex
multi-sheet workbooks.
ClawsBench and OdysseyBench emphasize interaction across multiple applications, Spread-
sheetBench 2 focuses on workbook workflows, and Workspace-Bench addresses heterogeneous
file dependencies. WorkBuddyBench-Office, the suite’s Office subset, focuses on complete hand-
offs in local workspaces containing multiple file formats. Agents must carry source information
into deliverables, keep related files and state consistent, and respect execution constraints under
CodeBuddy Code or Claude Code. Deterministic rule checks verify files, cross-file relations, state
changes, side effects, and execution constraints, while an evidence-grounded LLM Judge scores
binary semantic rubrics from fixed post-task evidence. Each task sets its own Rule/Judge weight.
These comparisons concern task and verification design; the benchmarks use different task units,
environments, and scoring schemes.
Security. Existing security-agent benchmarks each cover a slice of the red-team side: Cy-
bench [20] and NYU CTF Bench [21] score professional-level and competition CTF challenges,
InterCode-CTF[22]castsCTFsolvingasinteractivecodingwithexecutionfeedback, CVE-Bench[23]
measures autonomous exploitation of real-world web-application CVEs, and Meta’s CyberSecEval
series [24, 25] assesses cybersecurity risks and capabilities of the models themselves, from inse-
cure code suggestions to offensive-operation assistance. The Security subset differs on two axes:
coverage and scoring. Its 60 tasks span red- and blue-team work in a single suite – vulnerability
discovery and safe exploitation, malware analysis, security operations, and agent security – rather
than CTF or exploitation alone, and every task is scored by a deterministic per-task scoring.py be-
hind five anti-cheat layers, with no LLM judge anywhere. Its whitebox discovery tasks are anchored
to real, historical CVEs in widely deployed upstream projects, rebuilt as rewritten, sandboxed
environments kept out of public training corpora for contamination resistance.
What the suite adds. Breadth and framing differentiate the suite, not a new task type. Code
pairs repository-scale tasks with five requester roles and an 18-category taxonomy on colloquial
asks, not filed-issue prompts, resistant to searchable-prompt and leaked-answer contamination
by construction through freshly authored task directories held back until release. Web unifies
the task-type, lifecycle-mode, interaction/state, and judge axes above in one family, combining
rule checks, LLM/VLM judgment, and agent-judge verification over running front-end artifacts.
Office treats mixed-format, multi-artifact workflows as complete handoffs, measuring machine-
checkable workspace state and semantic deliverable quality through separately retained Rule
and Judge channels. Security covers the red- and blue-team spectrum under fully deterministic
per-task scoring, in a domain where public benchmarks remain scarce. Resistance to searchable
prompts and leaked tests or answers rests on freshly authored task directories held back until
release and by-construction design; distribution-informed construction rests on distribution-
matched tasks, released fully open – task directories, environment images, evaluation code,
grading tests, and reference solutions all public – and so independently auditable in full where
closed vendors cannot be. These remain the benchmark’s own design-time positioning claims,
not a measured comparison of agent performance across the compared suites.
7 Limitations and Conclusion
26
TENCENT WORKBUDDY BENCH
Technical Report · 2026
This section discusses current limitations of Tencent WorkBuddy Bench as described in this report,
and the near-term work planned to address them.
• One leaderboard cell uses a modified instruction setup. All seven models are scored
under both harnesses on all four tracks. The one comparability caveat is Claude Opus 4.8’s
CodescoreunderClaudeCode: asnotedinTable6, ontopofthedisabledAskUserQuestion
tool, an explicit do-not-ask, complete-in-one-pass instruction was added for that run, so
its setup differs slightly from the other runs, and its score is reported alongside – but not
folded into – the Code harness-shift aggregate in Section 5.
• Single-language emphasis in Code. The Code subset’s open release is dominated by
Python tasks; cross-language coverage is limited to a small number of tasks that port tar-
get behavior from JavaScript, TypeScript, or Rust projects into Python. Findings in this
report about coding difficulty, the coding-versus-data/algorithm gap, and harness diver-
gence should not be assumed to generalize to other programming languages or ecosystems
without further evaluation.
• Open release creates post-release contamination exposure. Tencent WorkBuddy Bench
is released fully open – task directories, environment images, evaluation code, grading tests,
and reference solutions are all public, so that external readers can independently re-run
and audit individual task outcomes, not just reproduce the pipeline described earlier in
this report. The cost of that openness is that published task content is, from the moment
of release, exposed to being scraped into future model training data, which can erode
contamination resistance over time. This is mitigated, not eliminated, by dataset versioning
– future revisions can retire or replace tasks that show contamination symptoms – rather
than by withholding task content.
• Judge-based components carry model-judge bias. Web scoring combines rule-based
checkswithLLM/VLMandagent-judgerubricitemsoverevidencefromtherunningfront-end
artifact; Office combines deterministic rule checks with an LLM Judge over fixed post-task
evidence; and Code additionally computes a diagnostic, weighted LLM-judge score across
several dimensions that is not counted in the headline metric. Office retains rule-check
outcomes independently, so the Judge cannot alter them, but its semantic-rubric scores
remain subject to model-judge bias. More generally, model judges may favor response
styles they find familiar or legible, independent of task correctness – a risk this report has
not separately quantified.
• Scores are tied to specific serving and harness conditions. The HY (Hunyuan) end-
point used in this evaluation is served first-party by its provider, while all other models
are accessed through third-party serving endpoints, whose parameter configuration and
request handling may affect metrics. Likewise, results are tied to the specific builds of the
two harnesses used in this evaluation, and metrics may shift as harness versions evolve
(Section 4).
• Office istext-first. ThecurrentOfficerelease coverslocal, mixed-formatworkflowsbutdoes
notrequireOCR,vision-languagemodels, pixel-levellayoutjudgment, ornativedesktop-GUI
interaction. Officeresultsthereforeapplytofilehandling, stateupdates, andevidence-based
workflow completion, not to visual perception or GUI operation.
27
TENCENT WORKBUDDY BENCH
Technical Report · 2026
Near-term work focuses on calibration: continuing Web rubric calibration, and, where feasible,
bringing the one modified-instruction configuration (Claude Opus 4.8 on Code under Claude Code)
under the standard instruction protocol.
This report has described Tencent WorkBuddy Bench as released: four subsets sharing one
task-directory format, one admission protocol, and one execution harness, together with its leader-
board and the limitations stated above. These limitations and scope boundaries are the ones we
consider material enough to state explicitly, not an exhaustive list. The suite is released fully open
– task directories, environment images, evaluation code, grading tests, and reference solutions
are all public for offline third-party testing and audit – and the near-term trajectory beyond this
revision is a public leaderboard with expanding model coverage across both harnesses.
Contributors
Siqi Cai1*, Shaopeng Chen4*, Xiang Fei1*, Yong Mao1*, Zihan Xu1*, Zhiheng Lyu3*, Zhijian Shao2*,
Yuchen Shi1, Shuwen Zhang1, Chaofan Qiu1, Linjie Che3, Xiaoxi Zhao3, Feng Wu3, Kai Zhang3,
Chaofan Zhu3, Yubin Qi3, Xiaoyun Liang3, Peijie Dong3, Yunhao Zhang3, Yuanjie Zhu, Ling Jiang2,
Xianjun Zhang2, Zhehang Chu2, Anyuan Sang2, Zhen Feng2, Sen Nie2, Shi Wu2, Yuanzhen Xu4, Xin
Li4, Ning Yang4, Zhiqiang Dong4, Hande Dong3, Qiang Lin3, Yi Liu3, Yunsheng Wu1, Ke Li1†, Xing
Sun1
1Youtu Lab · 2Keen Security Lab · 3Workbuddy · 4Yunding Security Lab
*These authors contributed equally to this work. The author order was determined alphabetically.
†Project Lead.
References
[1] Carlos E. Jimenez, John Yang, Alexander Wettig, Shunyu Yao, Kexin Pei, Ofir Press, and
Karthik Narasimhan. SWE-bench: Can language models resolve real-world github issues?
In International Conference on Learning Representations (ICLR), 2024. URL https://arxiv.
org/abs/2310.06770.
[2] OpenAI. Introducing SWE-bench verified. OpenAI blog, 2024. URL https://openai.com/
index/introducing-swe-bench-verified/.
[3] Chenglei Si, Yanzhe Zhang, Zhengyuan Yang, Ruibo Liu, and Diyi Yang. Design2code: How
far are we from automating front-end engineering?
In Proceedings of the Association for
Computational Linguistics (ACL), 2024. URL https://arxiv.org/abs/2403.03163.
[4] Shuyan Zhou, Frank F. Xu, Hao Zhu, Xuhui Zhou, Robert Lo, Abishek Sridhar, Xianyi Cheng,
Tianyue Ou, Yonatan Bisk, Daniel Fried, Uri Alon, and Graham Neubig. WebArena: A realistic
web environment for building autonomous agents. In International Conference on Learning
Representations (ICLR), 2024. URL https://arxiv.org/abs/2307.13854.
[5] Cursor. How we compare model quality in Cursor. Cursor blog, 2026. URL https://cursor.
com/blog/cursorbench.
[6] Harbor Framework Team. Harbor: A framework for evaluating and optimizing agents and
models in container environments. GitHub repository, Laude Institute, 2026. URL https:
//github.com/laude-institute/harbor. DOI: 10.5281/zenodo.20953922.
28
TENCENT WORKBUDDY BENCH
Technical Report · 2026
[7] Wenting Zhao, Nan Jiang, Celine Lee, Justin T. Chiu, Claire Cardie, Matthias Gallé, and
Alexander M. Rush. Commit0: Library generation from scratch, 2024. URL https://arxiv.
org/abs/2412.01769.
[8] Naman Jain, King Han, Alex Gu, Wen-Ding Li, Fanjia Yan, Tianjun Zhang, Sida Wang, Ar-
mando Solar-Lezama, Koushik Sen, and Ion Stoica. LiveCodeBench: Holistic and contami-
nation free evaluation of large language models for code, 2024. URL https://arxiv.org/
abs/2403.07974.
[9] Tianyang Liu, Canwen Xu, and Julian J. McAuley. RepoBench: Benchmarking repository-
level code auto-completion systems. In International Conference on Learning Representa-
tions (ICLR), 2024. URL https://arxiv.org/abs/2306.03091.
[10] PaulGauthier. Aiderpolyglotbenchmark. Aiderdocumentation, 2024. URLhttps://aider.
chat/docs/leaderboards/.
[11] Terminal-Bench Team. Terminal-bench: A benchmark for ai agents in terminal environ-
ments. Project website, 2024. URL https://www.tbench.ai/.
[12] Hung Tran, Langston Nashold, Rayan Krishnan, Antoine Bigeard, and Alex Gu. Vibe Code
Bench: Evaluating AI models on end-to-end web application development. In ACM Con-
ference on AI and Agentic Systems (ACM CAIS), 2026. doi: 10.1145/3786335.3813180. URL
https://arxiv.org/abs/2603.04601.
[13] Jingyu Xiao, Yuxuan Wan, Yintong Huo, Zixin Wang, Xinyi Xu, Wenxuan Wang, Zhiyao Xu,
Yuhang Wang, and Michael R. Lyu. Interaction2Code: Benchmarking MLLM-based interac-
tive webpage code generation from interactive prototyping, 2024. URL https://arxiv.
org/abs/2411.03292.
[14] Hongda Zhu, Yiwen Zhang, Bing Zhao, Jingzhe Ding, Siyao Liu, Tong Liu, Dandan Wang,
Yanan Liu, and Zhaojian Li. FrontendBench: A benchmark for evaluating llms on front-end
development via automatic evaluation, 2025. URL https://arxiv.org/abs/2506.13832.
[15] Jing Yu Koh, Robert Lo, Lawrence Jang, Vikram Duvvur, Ming Chong Lim, Po-Yu Huang, Gra-
ham Neubig, Shuyan Zhou, Ruslan Salakhutdinov, and Daniel Fried. VisualWebArena: Eval-
uating multimodal agents on realistic visual web tasks. In Proceedings of the Association for
Computational Linguistics (ACL), 2024. URL https://arxiv.org/abs/2401.13649.
[16] Zirui Tang, Xuanhe Zhou, Yumou Liu, Linchun Li, Yukai Wu, Weizheng Wang, Hongzhang
Huang, Wei Zhou, Jun Zhou, Jiachen Song, Shaoli Yu, Jinqi Wang, Zihang Zhou, Hongyi
Zhou, Yuting Lv, Jinyang Li, Jiashuo Liu, Ruoyu Chen, Chunwei Liu, GuoLiang Li, Jihua Kang,
and Fan Wu. Workspace-Bench 1.0: Benchmarking AI agents on workspace tasks with large-
scale file dependencies, 2026. URL https://arxiv.org/abs/2605.03596.
[17] Xiangyi Li, Kyoung Whan Choe, Yimin Liu, Xiaokun Chen, Chujun Tao, Bingran You, Wenbo
Chen, Zonglin Di, Jiankai Sun, Shenghan Zheng, Jiajun Bao, Yuanli Wang, Weixiang Yan,
Yiyuan Li, and Han-chung Lee. ClawsBench: Evaluating capability and safety of LLM produc-
tivity agents in simulated workspaces, 2026. URL https://arxiv.org/abs/2604.05172.
29
TENCENT WORKBUDDY BENCH
Technical Report · 2026
[18] Weixuan Wang, Dongge Han, Daniel Madrigal Diaz, Jin Xu, Victor Rühle, and Saravan Raj-
mohan. OdysseyBench: Evaluating LLM agents on long-horizon complex office application
workflows, 2025. URL https://arxiv.org/abs/2508.09124.
[19] Jian Zhu, Yuzheng Zhang, Zeyao Ma, Bohan Zhang, Armin Schoepf, Daniel Woloch, Pe-
terYiliuWang, GuangyuRobertYang, SamuelJacob, SiddharthNagisetty, AbhiramChundru,
Jean Lin, Spencer Mateega, and Jing Zhang. SpreadsheetBench 2: Evaluating agents on
end-to-end business spreadsheet workflows, 2026. URL https://arxiv.org/abs/2606.
29955.
[20] Andy K. Zhang, Neil Perry, Riya Dulepet, Joey Ji, Celeste Menders, Justin W. Lin, Eliot Jones,
Gashon Hussein, Samantha Liu, Donovan Jasper, et al. Cybench: A framework for evaluat-
ing cybersecurity capabilities and risks of language models. In International Conference on
Learning Representations (ICLR), 2025. URL https://arxiv.org/abs/2408.08926.
[21] Minghao Shao, Sofija Jancheska, Meet Udeshi, Brendan Dolan-Gavitt, Haoran Xi, Kimberly
Milner, Boyuan Chen, Max Yin, Siddharth Garg, Prashanth Krishnamurthy, Farshad Khor-
rami, Ramesh Karri, and Muhammad Shafique. NYU CTF Bench: A scalable open-source
benchmark dataset for evaluating LLMs in offensive security. In Advances in Neural Infor-
mation Processing Systems (NeurIPS), Datasets and Benchmarks Track, 2024. URL https:
//arxiv.org/abs/2406.05590.
[22] John Yang, Akshara Prabhakar, Karthik Narasimhan, and Shunyu Yao. InterCode: Standard-
izing and benchmarking interactive coding with execution feedback. In Advances in Neu-
ral Information Processing Systems (NeurIPS), Datasets and Benchmarks Track, 2023. URL
https://arxiv.org/abs/2306.14898.
[23] Yuxuan Zhu, Antony Kellermann, Dylan Bowman, Philip Li, Akul Gupta, Adarsh Danda,
Richard Fang, Conner Jensen, Eric Ihli, Jason Benn, Jet Geronimo, Avi Dhir, Sudhit Rao,
Kaicheng Yu, Twm Stone, and Daniel Kang. CVE-Bench: A benchmark for AI agents’ ability to
exploit real-world web application vulnerabilities. In International Conference on Machine
Learning (ICML), 2025. URL https://arxiv.org/abs/2503.17332.
[24] Manish Bhatt, Sahana Chennabasappa, Yue Li, Cyrus Nikolaidis, Daniel Song, Shengye Wan,
Faizan Ahmad, Cornelius Aschermann, Yaohui Chen, Dhaval Kapil, David Molnar, Spencer
Whitman, and Joshua Saxe. CyberSecEval 2: A wide-ranging cybersecurity evaluation suite
for large language models, 2024. URL https://arxiv.org/abs/2404.13161.
[25] Shengye Wan, Cyrus Nikolaidis, Daniel Song, David Molnar, James Crnkovich, Jayson Grace,
Manish Bhatt, Sahana Chennabasappa, Spencer Whitman, Stephanie Ding, Vlad Ionescu,
Yue Li, and Joshua Saxe. CyberSecEval 3: Advancing the evaluation of cybersecurity risks
and capabilities in large language models, 2024.
URL https://arxiv.org/abs/2408.
01605.
30
